- Ibrahim
X : @sle1i
HOUSE OF THE DRAGON
Move!
- Come on!
- That's right. keep going!
Everyone inside. now!
- Right.
- That's it. Keep going!
Three more here.
Here. And others over there.
You! Go with them.
Two more here.
Good morning. my lady.
You three.
in this one.
Please. please.
Our house is already full.
That is 15.000 soldiers. sir.
Be grateful there
are only three.
Full is not always bad.
Behave yourself.
If you don't like it.
speak to Lord Ormund.
We shall see what
good that will do.
I mean. regarding the matter
of the housing. my lord.
Are you dissatisfied
with yours. Lord Footly?
It is just that we have an affection
for the home of our ancestors.
You are sleeping
in our chambers.
You knelt before the pretender. Rhaenyra
Targaryen. did you not. Lady Footly?
Indeed.
Perhaps I should remind you that
the price of treason is death.
We want no conflict. my lord.
Tumbleton has no defenses.
Our people only understand
trade. We have never sought war.
Then you swore fealty
to her out of fear.
We swore fealty because
she is the queen.
Is she?
Or is she just a
bitch with a dragon?
My purpose is to restore the
legitimate lineage of the Iron Throne.
Therefore. I must rest.
For this. I need
worthy accommodations.
I will ensure my men behave
themselves while we are in your city.
Provided. of course.
yours do the same.
Get them out.
Don't even try it.
When dealing with subordinates.
you must be fair and firm.
Yes. sir.
My prince.
My lord. a raven has
arrived from Storm's End
with more excuses from
Lord Borros Baratheon.
The fool has struck a marriage
pact between Prince Aemond
and one of his
hideous daughters.
And where is he now?
Send another raven.
Perhaps he will understand if it
has more pictures than letters.
Any news from Harrenhal?
If Vhagar does not come.
our defenses will not hold.
Do not despair. Daeron.
Your brother will arrive soon.
Why take Tumbleton?
It is not a fortress.
It is a merchant town.
Its lord is weak. Its
defenses are poor.
The Hightowers could paint
their sigil on his chest.
Why?
Does he want their
support in some way?
He challenges me to bathe in fire
a city that raised my banner.
And the Realm would
call me "Maegor Reborn."
They would turn against me
and the same gods who delivered me to the
throne would be right to tear me down.
If I may...
Prince Daemon's Riverlands host
is marching to King's Landing.
Tumbleton is not far.
If his men were to go there...
It would be a bloodbath.
but it would still be more
merciful than sending the dragons.
We will march to the city
and root the Hightowers out
of there. house by house.
That is a good plan.
Send the order to Lord Tully.
Orwyle.
As long as you remain
loyal and useful.
you may take your place at my Council
and keep your title of Grand Maester.
The ravens remain your task.
but Lady Mysaria must be
informed of your movements.
Remnants of a dead regime.
The Riverlands men will take
weeks to reach Tumbleton.
We will send a
dragon to keep watch.
Ormund may have laid
siege to the city.
but he will not leave
there unless I remove him.
Meanwhile. there are
urgent matters at home.
We managed to secure a
small reserve of oil...
- for the markets...
- Where is the Hand?
By the gods. this
Council is diminished.
Name a Master of Coin.
Soon the people will discover
that we have few resources.
They can blame him.
Investigate Ser
Torrhen Manderly.
He has intrigued me.
If he is capable. let the gold
be a concern of his and Daemon's.
Mine will be Ormund Hightower.
I know him as well as you do.
I have my doubts.
Viserys entrusted his son to
him. I have barely met the man.
I spent little time with
him. a long time ago.
After my father
brought me to Court.
- I rarely went to Oldtown.
- Tell me what you know.
He fancies himself a scholar.
He studies histories. collects
tapestries. writes ballads.
He despises the
ignorant and uncultured.
When we were young. Gwayne
thought him cruel. but...
Gwayne thought that of many.
How is he with Daeron?
Paternal. from what I heard.
Daeron was a baby when
he went to his tutelage.
Was it painful to have
to send your son away?
It was my choice.
Why?
I gave Viserys three Targaryens.
But the last one. my last one...
I wanted him to be a Hightower.
I am glad I fought that battle.
Seeing what happened
to our children...
perhaps sending Daeron was my
most sincere act of motherhood.
Although I do not know what fate
that choice has in store for him.
You know that I would
have spared him.
ADAPTATION | REVIEW | SYNC:
EMAIL | loschulosteam@gmail.com
He has a sensitivity to odors.
Ormund.
A strong sensitivity.
My Lord Hand.
The queen has requested your
presence at the Small Council.
I am her Hand. not her mouth.
Let someone who enjoys
it do the speaking.
Must I return with this message?
- That you refused the queen?
- That way I can serve her better.
Her strength lies
in the dragons now.
A man of the sea
is not of much use.
But my son will serve
her in my stead.
At least you have
the look of it.
I am not a man of the Court.
I do not know what I am doing.
There is a great
opportunity for you there.
I cannot give you legitimacy.
But I can give you the chance
to become someone better.
You do not put an end to
anger with a blade. my lord.
Come on!
I am here.
A coin to touch the dragon.
Nothing is free in this forest.
He can sit in the
saddle for a pittance.
Touching will be enough.
Thank you.
We are looking for shelter.
Which way to Rook's Rest?
He placed both his hands.
He tapped twice.
What is the problem
with your leg?
You can kill a man of the faith
for a few coins. if you wish.
Although I doubt the gods
would look kindly upon that.
You don't look like a septon.
He is alive!
I know he is. He is
alive. He must be.
- Sunfyre.
- Calm yourself. Gregor.
- Wake up. Sunfyre. I am here.
- Let us not bother the good man any further. shall we?
Wake up. Sunfyre. I am here.
Simple.
Wake up. Get up.
What is he saying?
Sunfyre. come back to me.
Wake up. I know you are alive.
We cannot linger. The
danger is immense.
I am so very sorry.
but you must accept what
is before your eyes.
- Wake up!
- You wanted to see him.
And you did.
- He is dead.
- No.
Will you stay
and rot with him?
Or will you rise and live?
Are you lost?
Where is the castellan?
Dead.
And his successor?
And his successor as well.
And who are you?
A housekeeper. so to speak.
It is the best you
will get for now.
He is the King's Hand.
We are looking
for Prince Aemond.
As many are looking.
He was supposed to meet us here.
If you know his whereabouts.
I advise you not to hide it.
He was here.
He took the castle after
Prince Daemon abandoned it.
But when he heard that
Rhaenyra took King's Landing.
- he and the dragon left.
- When did Rhaenyra take King's Landing?
By the gods!
You did not know.
We searched the area. Lord Hand.
There are signs of
a large dragon nest.
but it has been abandoned.
Prince Aemond may.
in fact. have fled.
King's Landing has fallen.
Aegon is dead.
Our queens are in chains.
And we are here. alone.
with a meager army
and no dragon.
We have the enemy exactly
where we wanted them.
- Aemond would not abandon me.
- He is not here. is he?
Let us send a
raven to Tumbleton.
Inform my cousin of this news
and of our intention to
add our forces to his.
Ormund is a stubborn chatterbox. but
he is neither a coward nor stupid.
He must have some
clever plan in motion.
No.
The game is over. Ser
Criston. And we have lost.
What profit is
there in continuing?
You. nobles. see everything
as a great game. do you not?
Win. lose.
return home and sleep
in a feather bed.
I was an infantry
soldier. you know?
The son of a steward.
Everything my father had depended
on Lord Dondarrion's favor.
When the favor ended.
what we had fell apart.
My father died of heartbreak.
There is no "home"
for someone like me.
Not while Rhaenyra
sits on the throne.
Our mission is simple:
to stop the scum from
reaching King's Landing
- and wait for Ormund to reinforce the troops.
- That army is...
- ten times larger than ours.
- Twenty.
But we will attack it as
the scorpion attacks the ox.
We will become ghosts
and make fear our banner.
Attack from the silence and the darkness. Our
fight will not be clean. but it will be pure.
It will be man against man.
Without the
interference of dragons.
Ser Edgar.
We will delay them. at most.
We will not change their course.
Perhaps not.
As I said. Ser Gwayne.
we must hold to our honor so as
not to become beasts ourselves.
Who goes there?
Alyn of Hull.
I will speak with him. Come.
Your Grace.
Lord Corlys left
through the Dragon Gate
to hunt the Triarchy raiders
who are plaguing our trade.
He has competent men
to lead this campaign.
While your queen struggles
to restore a bankrupt Realm.
Your Grace. if I may.
My father lost much and
had his plans thwarted.
Perhaps a fight
is what he needs.
My father's life's work.
A recreation of the
seat of Ancient Valyria.
I believe it was
a reminder that...
even great dynasties fall
and that the crown must not
accommodate those who wear it.
There were comments
that my father was weak.
but now I see the
weight he carried
and I admire the way he maintained
the balance for so long.
Fathers have an maddening ability to.
at the same time. inspire and enrage.
Don't you think?
By the gods. they won't stop.
Thanks to Aegon. the
rat catchers are dead.
On the ship. we raised cats.
Stand firm.
We must hide our intentions
while I quietly see to...
securing a ship.
Cole's garrison. They owe
their allegiance to me.
It is not a garrison.
Better to assume they are
loyal only to themselves.
We cannot stay here any longer.
Good morning. friend.
We are looking for
food and shelter.
Like many here. we lost
everything to the war.
Are you from the Riverlands?
I hate the people there.
We came from Sharp Point.
Prince Aemond burned
everything there...
with his...
How did you get out?
We barely made it.
As you can see...
Well.
there are already many of us.
Get out of here.
I have coins.
You can get a tent.
if you want to work.
Do you have a trade?
I have some knowledge
of herbs and...
I can read a little.
Perhaps it will be useful.
I give the orders around here.
That is very clear.
my lord.
Tom Tongue-tied looks
after the latrines.
Collects urine for the
tanners. feces for the farmers.
He can help you.
Separate buckets. If you
mix them. they won't pay.
I...
- I will not touch the damn latrines.
- Do it. do what you are told. Gregor.
- For now...
- I can read as well as he can.
Tongue-tied and Mud-caked!
You two will get along well.
- It is not that bad. you
get used to it. brother.
Come on.
Let go of me!
I think we are going
to have some fun here.
We are going to feast tonight.
It will be better than Honeyholt.
Wait.
I have to inspect the goods.
Go outside.
Let's go.
- Help!
- Take your hands...
Take your hands off her.
Let go of me!
- Come on. Get them out of here.
Ser Hugh the Hammer. Your Grace.
Ser Hugh. I assure you. when
there is word of a house.
you will be called.
I heard that Ser Ulf will
be sent to Tumbleton.
- He will.
- If it pleases Your Grace.
I offer to take the
watch with Vermithor.
Your wife is in
Tumbleton. is she not?
- Ser Ulf has no interest in that matter.
- Send me. I do.
I will not stop watching
while someone I
love is down there.
You can take turns.
Keep watch over the city
and over each other.
You may take the first shift.
Make sure Ulf is
informed of the plan.
Your Grace.
What does it say?
Queen of the bastards.
Hightower supporters are trying to
fight a war they have already lost.
QUEEN OF THE BASTARDS
It is Ulf!
He has returned!
Come on!
The winner!
Ulf. the Dragonlord!
- Hey!
- He is almost a god!
Will you honor your friends
with a round of drinks. my lord?
The price has skyrocketed.
we cannot afford it.
- Tell him. Ulf.
- For everyone?
Did you hear that?
Drinks for everyone!
- He broke her arm.
- Call yourselves soldiers?
- Terrorizing children!
- What is this?
You said your men were
honorable. This man has sinned.
I was quartered in
the smithy. my lord.
But the blacksmith
did not like it.
Perhaps he was offended
by the imposition.
or perhaps he is
loyal to Rhaenyra.
But he attacked me.
My lord. if I may.
we wish you no harm.
But this man tried
to molest my sister
and broke my wife's
arm for stopping him.
And she is a weaver.
We need the little she earns.
Is this true?
- No.
- Liar!
- Look at this woman's arm.
- She attacked me!
- You deserved it!
- She cursed at me!
I want you to calm down!
- What is your name?
- Garrick. my lord.
Of Whitegrove.
Garrick of Whitegrove.
You violated the guest right.
You dishonored yourself by trying to
molest a woman and injured another.
Your punishment will be
fitting for the crime.
You will be castrated.
And you will have
your arm broken.
You will remain in my service.
but if you break into another
house. you will be hanged.
My lord. I have a wife!
No! My lord!
Take them home. Call a
maester to treat them.
One must keep a firm hand.
Tempers are running high.
Disorder and anarchy are
knocking at our doors.
Yes. my lord.
I want to see all correspondence
between the Red Keep and
Ormund since my father's death.
Your Grace.
How much control do the
Hightowers have over the Faith?
Well. they funded the
construction of the Starry Sept.
and Oldtown was the seat of the Faith
for centuries before the conquest.
The Seven are part of the very
essence of the Hightowers.
just as dragons are
part of House Targaryen.
But "control"? I think not.
The Faith is too proud
to allow such influence.
The High Septon
refused to anoint me.
The Faith does not give
up its own autonomy.
If I may be so
bold. Your Grace...
Does it matter?
- What...
- Your Grace occupies the throne.
Your people celebrated your return.
Your dragons dominate the skies.
And is that not enough as
a demonstration of power?
Perhaps I can remove him.
The Monarch has always had some influence
in the choice of the High Septon.
but removing him completely would
certainly inflame the Faith.
And. with that. the faithful.
Unless Your Grace
is considering a...
more permanent removal.
I never imagined
you so bloodthirsty.
- I...
- I am impressed.
But. unfortunately. no.
Bring me Ormund's letters
as soon as you gather them.
Has there been any word
from Prince Daemon?
- And his progress?
- None. as of yet. Your Grace.
I thought I would never see you
in the Vale again. Prince Daemon.
Especially after the tragic
death of your first wife.
Yet. I receive one raven
after another from my vassals.
informing me of your
advance through my domains.
Time heals even
the deepest wounds.
It is with great joy
that I return. milady.
And who could fail to
be charmed by your...
cordiality?
But I cannot stay long.
You promised the Crown men
in exchange for a dragon.
Now you have your dragon.
but we do not have men.
I would send the babies.
Joffrey's dragon would still take
years to grow and defend the Vale.
and Rhaenyra took it anyway.
A less tolerant person might see
the Crown's offer as an insult.
A promise is a promise.
I had understood that the war
was already won. my prince.
Why does she need
more soldiers?
Actually.
I did not come looking for
men. I came looking for gold.
So your coffers are empty.
The work of the
Hightower betrayal.
But perhaps a generous offer in
coin would demonstrate your...
loyalty to the Crown.
Prince Daemon Targaryen.
standing in my hall.
begging like a pauper?
I never thought I
would see such a scene.
A gift in gold would guarantee
my immediate departure.
Very well.
Stay. Caraxes.
We will fly home.
No. Caraxes.
Calm down!
You are going in
the wrong direction.
Serve!
Who is there?
Rhaena!
Calm down. Caraxes.
No. Calm down.
Calm down!
What happened to you?
How?
I fed it sheep.
Rhaenyra believes that this dragon
and its rider are the reason...
for Jace's death.
I only wanted to help.
No.
And to show her. To show
you. I never wanted...
Is she suffering?
Does Jeyne Arryn
know you are here?
- You should take my children to Pentos.
- They are well cared for. Safe.
- You swore to be their guardian!
- For what?
To teach them to be
ladies of the Realm?
I would be of no use there.
Just as I was of no use here.
If you leave now for where you
should be. Rhaenyra need not know.
We will find a ship.
Leave the dragon behind.
I will not leave him.
He is not like the others. He
is wild. he cannot be trusted.
He is mine.
He is part of me.
I have spent my
whole life alone.
A Targaryen without a
dragon. ignored or...
worse. worthy of pity.
Can you say that you ever
truly cared about me?
Rhaena. the unfortunate.
Rhaena. the daughter
who mattered least?
Then come back with
me to King's Landing.
- No.
- We...
will speak to her together. we
will tell her it was a mistake.
How could I face her again
after what I have done?
No. I can never go back.
I will stay here.
Alone and exiled. It
will be my penance.
She will hunt you down.
She is already hunting.
Let them mourn for me
and judge me lost at sea.
Unless you betray me.
You ask me to deceive
her. That is treason.
I have never asked you for
anything. father. in all my life.
Now I ask you only this.
Rhaena. Rhaena.
Rhaena!
Calm down. you
furry little beast.
Stop screeching.
A raven has just arrived
from Harrenhal. my lord.
It bears the Hightower seal.
Leave.
My prince?
Leave. Now.
That damn. wretched man.
Wretch!
Damn him!
Wretched!
Wretch!
Your uncle Gwayne has sent word.
It seems your brother Aemond
will not be joining us after all.
But will Gwayne
come to Tumbleton?
We need to alter our plan.
Ser Otto has written diligently
to his nephew Ormund.
Nothing has been answered.
Are you sure there
was no mistake?
Nothing?
What am I to conclude from this?
I suppose only that Lord Ormund
ruled Oldtown as a kingdom apart.
Ser Ulf the White.
still waits. Your Grace.
Enter.
Your Grace.
It is an honor to
be in your service
and to have sworn my
life to your cause.
Yes. I am sure.
- What do you want. then?
- I wanted to know if...
as a humble servant of Your
Grace. I could ask you a favor.
Well. favors.
Say what they are.
For a man named Mujja.
a small property on
the outskirts of Rosby
and tax exemption. With
Your Grace's thanks.
And. for a fellow named Cley.
a pardon for various
petty crimes.
We will not go into that.
And passage to Lys...
- These favors are not in your name.
- No. no. Your Grace.
They are for allies.
From a tavern I frequent.
used to frequent.
- Used to frequent. Before.
- A tavern.
And...
if a Hightower agent stuck
a knife in your belly
- while you were filling it with ale?
- It is not that kind of place. Besides...
The belly is mine.
No. it is not.
You. now. belong to the Crown.
If anything happens to
you or to your belly.
I will suffer as if
I had lost a dragon.
and the stability of the
Realm will be threatened.
No. you will no longer
frequent taverns.
What?
I fear you will
have to find your...
your ale within the
walls of the Red Keep.
Where you will remain.
except when you are
escorted to the Dragonpit.
to fulfill your
duty in Tumbleton.
If you are finished. you may go.
They are protesting
against you. my lady.
did you know?
Out there. in the city.
I saw repugnant words
painted on the walls.
They wrote...
"Queen of the bastards."
It was certainly the
work of some of your...
misinformed subjects.
who have convinced themselves.
mistakenly. that their queen is cruel.
Your Grace.
Could you notify Ser Luthor?
Ask your Gold Cloaks to look for
any seditious inscriptions on the
streets of this city. remove them
and find those responsible.
Should we bring
them in. Your Grace?
Just end it. please.
There is a Braavosi ship departing
from Duskendale in a few days.
- I think I can get rested horses...
- I am the damn king. If they knew that...
Even if they believed you.
Rhaenyra occupies the throne.
And you have no dragon.
She did us a favor by
declaring you dead.
Am I dead?
Dead by your brother. Aemond.
Is that what they are saying?
I will kill that...
- I will kill her. that...
- In due time.
The conversations around here
have a lot to reveal to us.
Anonymity is a
blessing for us.
This will ensure
that your future...
resurrection...
becomes the stuff
of song and legend.
Get something to eat.
There is no-nothing left for us.
Sometimes it happens. but...
we-we-will get
something tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
I will not tolerate this.
Absurd.
Is this how you rule?
With this lack of food?
Answer!
Sit down before I force you.
Who do you think you are talking
to? I will rip out your tongue.
you insolent monkey.
- Calm down.
- I will gut you like a fish.
wretch.
Let us not be hasty...
On your knees. if
you want to live.
Kiss my feet.
- I take back what I said.
- Or die. To me. it makes no difference.
But you will call me...
"my lord".
- Janos.
- You too?
The audits were thorough.
but we must ensure
that. wherever they are.
the Crown's assets
are no longer...
I bring justice.
I bring vengeance.
And I also bring gold.
What is this?
This was who rode Sheepstealer.
Along with ten thousand gold
dragons from Lady Jeyne Arryn.
Anything from her
vassals in the Vale?
We are still awaiting response
from the great houses.
And the Iron Bank has not
responded to our loan request.
Could you explain
to me who this is?
I am Ser Torrhen Manderly. my
prince. The new Master of Coin.
Of the little that
remains to manage.
I bet you think you are
smart. don't you. Manderly?
- Well..
- Because know this:
the smart one here is me.
I understand.
The small amount of
gold that Daemon found.
- will help alleviate
the people's hardships.
We have to pay our soldiers. recruit new
ones. otherwise we will live in chaos.
- Your Grace...
- Chaos. yes. if the people feel
- that the Crown ignores their anguish.
- Have you considered a tax?
Leave the hall.
What is this?
The queen's justice.
Who is he?
And how did he manage
to claim a wild dragon?
Was he alone? Or is
he an ally of Aemond?
- Or of Ormund?
- I seek the same answers.
But a dragon is not
a precise instrument.
And Sheepstealer?
Fled. without a rider.
It is madness to
claim a wild dragon.
it is likely that we
will not see him again.
I wanted to have seen him.
I wanted to look...
at the one who killed my son.
So that you could punish him?
Do you think that
would end your pain?
I have protected your interests.
The gold you brought will serve
as alms for the commoners.
The City Watch trusts in you.
ask them to have patience.
The Crown will honor its debt...
in due time.
I suppose that...
I should thank you.
When your deeds
reach her ears.
she will come to her senses.
Whose head is that?
I have sent good men to take
your father's remains to Oldtown.
Viserys would have wished it so.
Thank you.
Here.
Helaena?
Clear the streets!
Obey the curfew!
Everyone inside!
Clear the streets!
Stay at home or
you will be hanged!
Dragon!
Open your doors. by
order of the queen!
- Obey!
- Here!
Here!
With me. here.
- You!
- Say who did this.
Who did this?
Scrub this wall!
Bring him!
What are you doing?
- Tell me who did this!
- I didn't do anything!
Please!
Be patient. my girl.
It will not be long
before we can fly again.
I warned you against indulging
in affection for this beast.
I know.
You are a good boy.
You speak with kindness
and say your prayers.
I raised you in the light of the
Seven. and the Father smiles upon you.
But there is a
taint in your blood.
The Targaryens are a wild race. poor
in intellect. but rich in cunning.
With dark spells. they
created abominations
We are superior men.
but against that...
we could not...
resist.
The gods have given you
a divine purpose. my boy.
What purpose. my lord?
These barbarians elevate a
woman to the Iron Throne.
A sacrilege.
Where is the reason?
Where is the decorum?
It was a blessing you
were raised in Oldtown.
Your brothers are
lost. but you...
remain a Hightower.
raised in the shadow of the Citadel.
in the light of the Starry Sept.
Now.
you must be king.
You do not wish. of course. for me
to turn my cloak against my brothers.
You will restore
our old order.
The victory will be ours.
It is the will of the gods!
I thought I had set you free.
A just king must demonstrate
that he upholds many virtues.
Honor. Wisdom.
Justice.
He only acted when our
man attacked a woman!
He laid hands on a Hightower.
That soldier is an extension
of you. of the Crown.
Justice must be done.
- Should a king not be merciful?
- Exactly what your father would say.
Forgiveness.
I risked much to raise you.
Surely you do not
wish to disappoint me.
No. my lord.
Please.
No. please.
My lord.
Please. please.
My lord. I have a family.
I have a family. please.
Please!
And now. we begin.